well I howdy there internet people let's
bow again so today we're going to talk
about climate change
so aoc for those overseas she's a
representative here up and comer those
are her initials she held a town hall
and this town hall obviously was not
pre-screening questions that were given
to her which is nice it shows that she's
actually concerned about what the people
think because normally American
politicians only listen to those people
who paid them so that's and that is a
nice change
we know that the questions weren't
pre-screened because a woman stood up
and asked if it was time to eat the
babies to save climate and Republicans
went wild
look look look how evil they are they
want to eat the babies they're crazy
they're insane they're stupid they're
evil just look at all look at it it
should be noted that even the President
of the United States he got in on the
act
calling aoc a wacko and tweeting footage
of it as if she's responsible for
everything that her supporters do
there's probably some people in Texas
that have questions for you mr.
president now of course this is made-up
it's not true
the person was a LaRoche pack operative
they've claimed credit for it but I do
find it funny because it was marks the
first time that I'm aware of that
Republicans on mass have cared about a
little bit of human after they were born
that's also a nice change but it reveals
something number one the president has
yet again bought into fake news designed
to support him and believed it so either
he's dumb or he's intentionally lying to
his own supporters and knows this to be
false on second glance it should be real
easy to tell it's false
she's actually wearing a t-shirt that
says something like save the climate eat
debate
normally people in crisis don't have
t-shirts made
that's what AOC for her part that's what
she thought was going on she thought she
was witnessing a an episode from someone
it was interesting because her response
was you know we have time we have more
than a few months we you know all we
have to do is get to Net Zero by this
point there's always hope
and handled it with more decorum then I
can imagine any other politician dealing
with it but it's interesting there's
always hope these are the climate change
alarmist right but from the other side
those that are so afraid of climate
change that they've induced panic in
themselves the inability to self-help
and they they just refuse to address the
issue because they're so scared of it
because they're so terrified of it they
don't want to look into it because of
the doomsday scenarios they've been told
their solution is depopulation their
solution is eat the babies that's what
it's really saying that's what they
think it's going to come too deep down
it's it's interesting because if you
look at the climate issue and you think
the solution is population and not
consumption well one you're evil -
you're racist I know that sounds crazy
right I was gonna do a video on this but
in my research I ran across one by a
youtuber named Maxie and I'm gonna put
the link to that down below did a really
good job with it I actually can't add
anything to it so there's no reason - no
reason to reinvent the wheel on that I
might have presented it a little
different but the facts are all there
the information is there and if you
still have trouble believing that there
might be racial undertones to this just
go ahead and look into the LaRouche PAC
founder a little bit it might tell you a
lot and then aside from that I would
just like to point out fake news has it
the president
yet again but there is always hope
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night